Docs: copy edit (#76652)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/configure-custom-branding/index.md

# Configure custom branding

> Custom branding enables you to replace the Grafana Labs brand and logo with your own corporate brand and logo.

Author: ```suggestion
Custom branding enables you to replace the Grafana Labs brand and logo with your corporate brand and logo.
```

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud). For Cloud Advanced and Enterprise customers, please provide your desired custom elements and corresponding logos to our Support team. We will help you in hosting your images and updating your Custom Branding.

Author: ```suggestion
Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud). For Cloud Advanced and Enterprise customers, please provide custom elements and logos to our Support team. We will help you host your images and update your custom branding.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

The `grafana.ini` file includes Grafana Enterprise custom branding. As with all configuration options, you can use environment variables to set custom branding.

> Custom branding enables you to change the following elements:

Author: ```suggestion
With custom branding, you have the ability to modify the following elements:
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v66/whitelabeling_1.png" max-width="800px" caption="Custom branding example" >}}

> The configuration file in Grafana Enterprise contains the following options. For more information about configuring Grafana, refer to [Configuration]({{< relref "../../configure-grafana" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration file in Grafana Enterprise contains the following options. For more information about configuring Grafana, refer to [Configure Grafana]({{< relref "../../configure-grafana" >}}).
```

;hide_edition =
```

> You can replace the default footer links (Documentation, Support, Community) and add custom links. The following example shows how to replace the default footer and help links with custom links.

Author: ```suggestion
You have the option of adding custom links in place of the default footer links (Documentation, Support, Community). Below is an example of how to replace the default footer and help links with custom links.
```

footer_links_extracustom_url = http://your.custom.site
```

> The following example show how to configure custom branding using environment variables instead of the `custom.ini` or `grafana.ini` files.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows configuring custom branding using environment variables instead of the `custom.ini` or `grafana.ini` files.
```

> If you specify `footer_links` or `GF_WHITE_LABELING_FOOTER_LINKS`, then all other default links are removed from the footer and only what is specified is included.

Author: ```suggestion
If you specify `footer_links` or `GF_WHITE_LABELING_FOOTER_LINKS`, then all other default links are removed from the footer, and only what is specified is included.
```
